well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight I was on Twitter and
somebody brought something up and it
just kind of blew my mind the person
said that Republicans weren't concerned
about the impeachment process being
unconstitutional I was just the word
they were using that they were really
concerned because it's different than
Clinton and Nixon that it's being held
in secret so what's the difference
between them yeah I mean yes in this
case there are going to be some
international secrets that you don't
want public yeah that's true okay
but that's not the reason they're being
held in secret not the whole reason
anyone not even the main reason seeing
the other two facts were already
established generally that physical
evidence reports articles they knew what
went down they're just putting it on
record in this case it's not what's
going on it's not what's going on they
they have a general framework of what
happened but they don't know exactly
what went down it who was involved I
want you to think about your favorite
cop show or if you don't have one think
about law and order everybody's seen an
episode so there's the cop there's a
shooting let's say but four people in
the car he's certainly one of them did
it
one person drove and knew that it was
going to go down the other two are
innocent so what's he do cups them up
takes them all back to the station and
puts them all in a room together and
start to asking them questions right no
of course not that would be stupid
they'd be able to cook up testimony
between each other right there because
they know what the other person said
these hearings are in secret so the
other witnesses don't know what's been
said already it's a way to keep them
honest that's why that's that's why it's
done that way it's why it's done in
criminal cases when they divide people
up so they can't cook up a story well
what about the leaks why why is he
leaking testimony then think back to
that cop show there's always that scene
a cop walks in you know what your buddy
just told us it's exactly what's
happening only they're using the media
to do it it's keeping everybody honest
no sense in lying about this we already
know that's why it's in secret that's
why they're keeping Congress people out
that have no business being there and
and to be clear they're not just keeping
Republicans out there keeping Democrats
out that have no business being there
now the Republican Party as of course
decided to frame this as a plot of deep
state lizard people or whatever
that's not the case but they have to
frame it that way they have to attack
the process because they can't defend
the president's actions and they know
that so the only option they have is to
attack the process it's what happens in
criminal cases any defense attorney will
tell you if your client is just guilty
of sin the only thing you can do go
after the cops go after the chain of
custody go after the process try to get
it thrown out on a technicality get
evidence suppressed
that's kind of what the Republicans are
trying to do they're trying to suppress
evidence because they can't defend the
president's actions it's really that
simple there's no great conspiracy I
mean we've all seen this play out on TV
yeah you divide up witnesses you don't
let them hear each other's testimony
you'd have to be stupid to do that
that's the difference is that in this
case the testimony isn't critical in the
other cases and everybody already knew
what happened it was all very evident I
hope that shed some light on things but
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night